# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [0.13.0] -- 2023-03-2023

### Added
- Circuit zooming buttons

### Fixed
- Fixed undefined reference in memory

## [0.12.1] -- 2022-03-17

### Fixed
- The cells, tools, engines and transforms namespaces are now exported for non-browser environments.

## [0.12.0] -- 2022-02-22

### Fixed
- Fix the lifetime of the event listeners for the sub-windows (Contributor: Yichao Yu)
- Fix binary mux transform for Yosys 0.12 and later
- Elkjs layout change marked as batch (Contributor: Yichao Yu)
- Save IO port orders for subcircuits (Contributor: Yichao Yu)

## [0.11.0] -- 2022-02-03

### Added
- The `Dff` block can now have asynchronous loading.

### Changed
- The `elkjs` layout engine now includes laying out edges via adding bend points. The SPOrE algorithm was disabled because it did not work well with the change. (Contributor: Yichao Yu)
- The interface now works better with touch devices. (Contributor: Yichao Yu)

### Fixed
- The `*Const` family of arithmetic operations is now correctly JSON serialized, and they are better tested. (Contributor: Yichao Yu)
- Parameter changes (e.g. clock speed) are now propagated to the worker thread in the WebWorker engine.

## [0.10.0] -- 2021-10-06

### Added
- The `Dff` block can now have built-in synchronous reset.
- The `Dff` block can now have `set` and `clr` inputs for setting/resetting individual bits.
- The `Memory` block can now have an initialization value, synchronous and asynchronous reset for synchronous read ports.
- The `Memory` block can now have port transparency behavior different for each write port.

### Changed
- The `Memory` block has working bit enables for write ports.
- The `Memory` block can now have single bit write enables.

## [0.9.0] -- 2021-08-17

### Added
- A new simulation engine, using Web Workers, has been added. It is more responsible and can be much faster than the original one (25x measured improvement).

### Changed
- Architecture was changed to enable simulation engines running concurrently with the UI.
- Webpack updated to version 5.

## [0.8.0] -- 2021-07-21

### Added
- Circuit graph transformations, which make common circuits generated by Yosys more readable.
- MuxSparse, a new multiplexer cell for situations when only a few of possible options is defined.
- ElkJS layout engine, which is (in contrast to Dagre) aware of ports.

### Changed
- Gates can now have more than two inputs.

